fred bowman
aka freebo kills two college girls and
skates on the state police screw-up
angel will be detective sergeant batista
freebo get back here
who are you what i'm pregnant
who he is is what makes this case huge
it's miguel prado
assistant district attorney he and
laguerre go way back
i've never killed anyone i didn't
completely vet before whose guilt i
wasn't absolutely certain of
oscar prado tried to kill freebo then he
tried to kill me
he's got to be guilty of something back
the other guy is ramon
miguel's middle brother he's a
lieutenant with the sheriff's department
and oscar prado
as in baby brother i've never morrigan
right do i know you
yuki motto internal affairs and you know
joey quinn
why would a blood spatter analyst
spend time searching for information on
my dead brother
one of this death got to me oh [ __ ]
they took me off the oscar prado case
and put me on this
some dead end jane doe tegan
freebo's girlfriend looks like he's
still in miami
your anton you got something you need to
show me what about this prado guy
oh yeah i've seen him before oscar prado
was into freebo for some serious
cash this doesn't look good javier i
think you [ __ ] a girl who's now dead
all right look i passed her to a friend
who could fear her having a friend
yeah yeah a white guy named freebo i'm
going to have a child
but i can't be a father to it can i what
do you have on tribal marijuana
we're working on some new angles which
means you've got shipped
the oscar prado case yeah [ __ ] are on
the career maker of the year
i nailed this freebo guy and they're
golden why do you think fibo stood in
town
because i think he killed his girlfriend
on sunday jane go
anton is my contact if you wear him out
what blowers i know how to work a ci
corner wasn't jane doe missing a patch
of skin
people's still out there killing we got
to catch him fast yeah but we got a lead
now you shield tomorrow
you give me a shield for being a wrath
no for being
an honest cop deborah like your father
i'm sick bayonet
oscar tried to kill freebo with it it's
only fitting i use it to complete the
task
i know all about the chicky heinz case
he was a big one for the prosecutor and
guess who that was
miguel prado
it was self-defense thank you i don't
know if you officially got to meet my
other brother ramon
so you're the guy that miguel is always
talking about oh are we kidding you're
going to be a great
father if you like that i'll arrest you
i told you not to [ __ ] do it now i
have to call him and tell
him that he's probably right freebo's
probably long gone and he didn't kill
tegan
looks that way did you lock up my c.i
why do you keep calling him your ci
there something you're not telling us
not good about what happened
i feel not good too i thought he had
information that exonerated chickie
hines
i reviewed his statement it just didn't
add up this shirt
implicates me in his death i trust
you and i want you to trust me is it
possible i've actually made a friend
someone i can trust with my dark secrets
he's obsessed he's drinking more than
usual he's not going to stop looking for
a scottish killer until he
takes him all the way down are you
looking for anything special tonight
might be more than an hour take a pass
sergeant i only have one person i can
trust anymore
yourself i was thinking of you i hate
anyone who disgraces the badge
we're connected i feel you you're what
makes me real
that's how i know i want to marry you
yes
yes we will marry you i've got uni's
bringing in a 15 year old kid named
wendell owens he was free beau's doorman
but if things get really bad you use
that card and call me okay
extra i just got off the phone with the
sheriff's department they've confirmed
their skinning victim is related to ours
that gives us three victims is there a
problem here yes sergeant
your people don't know what the [ __ ]
they're doing that guy is why i'm way
too tight
you think i got this kid loose to make
you look bad i'm not sure anymore
partner don't you see
what happened today i gave you the
chance to avenge
two women whom the system failed and
just like i hoped it
seized that opportunity the chicky heinz
conviction
my people have come across evidence that
could get the case reopened
proud to know you're coming to me with
this anton open up it's me
hi hi i am with
you behind you
and i respect you the victim's name was
wendell owen
was 15 years old i can't rule out but i
put wendell in the crosshairs she's in
the hospital
lung cancer it's terminal dying i can do
the pain sure is fair though okay look
don't beat yourself how about you start
work tomorrow i need an assistant having
someone i can trust
is everything she's blindfolded so she
doesn't have to watch everything she
stands for get pissed done by people
like ellen wolf i'm hungry
are you asking me out on a date
detective kidnapping false imprisonment
and torture miguel has been playing fast
and loose with legal ethics for a long
time
hola amigo i can honestly say i know who
miguel prado really is
my first good friend and those are in
short supply these days
is investigating you and you're finally
telling me i'm finally telling you do
you want to tell me why this ia chick is
so gung-ho to bring you down
you can i have uh history yeah i know
one side of them
maybe there's more missing evidence
witness intimidation jury tampering you
got proof
he's a bad guy he's not a stupid guy you
need to go after the root cause
his blood-sucking soulless defense
attorney ellen wolf
has she uh ever actually killed anyone
keep an open mind about it someone
loaned fuemo some money and is willing
to skin people to get it back which is
why i want to use our ci
more aggressively wait you mean anton
yeah we're gonna spread the word that
anton knows where freebo is
it doesn't some kind of weird end run is
it make me see how sensitive you really
are
i'm not all that sensitive yeah you are
i found the [ __ ] lead on the skinner
case the skinner is using tree trimming
as a cover for surveillance
he watches from the trees and when the
time is right he grabs them
what did it feel like to end his life
public justice
we're like-minded together we can make a
difference
so you told quinn i was investigating
him hey you're the one who [ __ ] i'm
not my fault he didn't want an encore
the cop's dead cause quinn cut all the
wrong corners next dead cops on you
mr king we met at the scene of our
second victim is that correct
yes that is correct hey freebo's final
resting place
hiding a buddy in a cemetery you're
[ __ ] brilliant hey
mario astorga i don't know anything
about anything
why would george king suggest otherwise
what are you so afraid of mario
we can't kill her yes this is personal
i'm asking you to do this for me that's
my friend
sorry no what the [ __ ] you what are you
hiding
anton is not officially a ci we used him
as
bait no one would even love the guy he's
never home he says he's with dexter but
i think it's a cover i'm ready to get my
hands dirty
i've always done the deed alone never
stood outside
been a witness to this moment
anton are you in there [ __ ] trim trees
skinner's been here you've set something
in motion here
everything miguel does from now on is
connected to you
ellen's missing this morning i hope she
didn't get in an accident or something
he did it miguel really did it no you
you don't know that when you've been
married as long as we have you know when
your husband is lying
you don't want to have to think about
what she went through to realize that
she's really gone
i could get your money i don't freebor
that money this
is about respect don't worry
she's gone you got me i'm right here for
you to get you through he's having
something
anton morgan get out of the way
you found me it's perfect you should
just
get out while you can i won't anton
could so easily
file a huge lawsuit against the police
department once he finds out how you
[ __ ] him over
it's not even human it's cal's blood
he's been using me
i didn't create a monster i was used by
one
he used me i never meant for any of this
to go down the way it did i should have
told you you were free and clear
so that was you yeah just like you
watched out for me with those guys
me never you lied to me i am not the
enemy here i need for you to seriously
think about us i told sylvia about
miguel and laguerre
so she thinks miguel is out look words
there was some douche bag with his high
beams on
blinding me you [ __ ] you are too good
a liar miguel
come on baby listen that's me i'm done
just what kind of car
dark black suv ellen wolf's ring
ellen wolfe was threatening to wreck his
career he is a black
suv and no alibi for the night she died
you think miguel has something to do
with her murder that's right
i'll do what i want when i want to
whomever i want
count on it me no other choice i'll kill
him
you've had a bug up your ass about dad
for months now he didn't cheat on mom
uh ci laura moser
my mother found this sample in the back
of his car
well laguard is deciding i'll be
eliminating her problem and george
king's going to help me
i'll copy his mo they won't even look
for another suspect all the records you
have on my dad's confidential informant
i have a long conversation
with dexter morgan the nicaraguan
embassy is still giving me the runaround
until we know king's true identity
there's not much to go on
you think i'm done with you you think
this ends here
it doesn't it does for you
why the [ __ ] would the skinner want to
kill miguel prado
because after free bone king had a
figurine new songs
and this is my best friend
i am going to find out why this happened
we all want the same thing ramon
kind of burly goatee bring any bells
ramon prado
you slept without key witness but it's a
conflict
and you should have given me the heads
up
especially before i send my
recommendation to leguelta for your
shield
[ __ ] believable i should put a bullet
in your head
so they can see what it's like to lose
someone it's her freeze [ __ ]
i still want to be with anton
and there is no possible way that us
being together is a mistake
congratulations detective morgan
you've earned this
[Music]
so ramon wasn't the only one following
me i underestimated miguel after all
you gave up a case this case i had a
choice
i chose you i killed freebo
i could kill you now miguel prado tell
you that
he wanted me dead so he used yourself
so
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe i'm making the biggest mistake of
my life but who's perfect
certainly not me certainly not hairy
life is good
you